PLOT DESCRIPTIONS 

P_kepler_all_seasons.png
What is shows: This plot shows every point on very Kepler module that is supplied in the supplemental information. Each color corresponds to a season given in the supplemental information (spring, summer, autumn, winter). 

Why it is useful: I used this information to decide which coordinates to use as the central coordinates in my TRILEGAL sample searches. I wanted to make sure that if I picked a specific season they would not differ too much with the rotation of Kepler. Because each of the points overlap for the different seasons, this plot shows that it won't matter too much which I choose. I chose spring. 

P_kepler_one_module.png
What is shows: This plot shows a zoom in for each of the points given on just one module of the CCD (in this case Module 2). The two black dots represent the two most central points of the module as given for the spring coordinates. 

Why it is useful: In order to choose the central coordinates for each of the TRILEGAL sample searches, I needed to know what indices they corresponded to in the supplemental data list, which was not intuative from the list itself. I used this plot to determine the order of the coordinates for each module and then saved the two central points. Because the modules are plotted as four sub-modules, I used the two central most pixels and found the average of their positions to determine the central point at which I should search.  

P_kepler_fov_all_modules.png
What is shows: This plot shows each of the Kepler modules, in a different colour, with the central two points highlighted in a darker shade. 

Why it is useful: This plot served as a check for me to make sure I had choosen the correct central points for each module. 

P_age.png, P_metal.png, P_initial_mass.png, P_actual_mass.png, P_luminosity.png, P_temp.png, P_grav.png, P_dist_mod.png, P_av.png, P_mbol.png, P_kep_mag.png
What is shows: Each of these plots shows the histogram of an individual TRILEGAL parameter for each of the 21 modules, overplotted. 

Why it is useful: This allows me to make sure that none of the modules are underpopulated and that the shape of the distributions look as we would expect them too. 

P_trilegal_sample_on_kepler_FOV.png
What it shows: This plot shows all of the total number of stars in each of the combined modules – a combined module being the entire sample for that module with all four sample files combined. Colour in this plot dictates the realtive density of the number of stars and shows an increase in density toward the galactic plane. Each of the squares contains the number of the module, the central coordinates used for the sample of that module and the number of stars in the module model. NB: Each square is a matplotlib marker and does not represent the size or shape of the real Kepler modules. 

Why it is useful: Having an idea of the relative amount of stars in each module helps me to see if any of the modules have accidentally be underpopulated. It also allows me to affirm my coordinates by seeing the relative density in comparison to the galactic plane. 

P_mathur_bins_logg_mag.png, P_mathur_bins_teff_logg.png, P_mathur_bins_teff_mag.png
What is shows: Theses plots show the number density of stars that fall into bins created when Mathur undergoes a three way cut between teff, logg and mag. Each plot shows a different combination of parameters. 

Why it is useful: It allows us to see the shape of the parameter space and the relative density of different bins for various parameters. It can then be compared with the TRILEGAL plots described below. 

P_trilegal_bins_logg_mag.png, P_trilegal_bins_teff_logg.png, P_trilegal_bins_teff_mag.png
What it shows: These plots are the same as for the Mathur sample but in logspace, as the parameters are spread out in the bins much more (nature of a population sample vs. a selected sample like Mathur). 

Why it is useful: This helps us to see where the populations overlap when the new bins, for the Trilegal/Mathur cut are populated. 

P_trilegal_mathur_comparison.png (NB: WILL NEED TO SCROLL TO THE RIGHT TO SEE ALL OF THE PLOT). 
What is shows: Each of the subplots in this plot show a histogram of the parameters that we have cut by (teff, logg and mag). The red histograms show the original TRILEGAL population for this parameter, the green histogram shows the Mathur sample and the blue histogram shows our model now that it has been cut to the Matur sample. 

Why it is useful: It allows us to see that our model lines up well with the Mathur sample and that the bins have been populated correctly. 

P_compare_to_jvs_2019.png
What it shows: This is a testing plot to see how close our sample is to a similar sample cut made in jvs 2019 (https://arxiv.org/pdf/1803.04971.pdf). The sample in this paper was cut in a very similar way so should create a similar plot. 

Why it is useful: It can help us see if any particular part of our parameter space has not been populated correctly, or missed, or over populated for any reason. 

P_repeats_hist.png
What it shows: Three panels with varying x-axes that show the number of repeating stars in the sample. The x-axis shows the number of repeats of a particular star and the y-axis are the number of stars that have this many of repeats. 

Why it is useful: This plot shows that the majority of stars that do repeat, only repeat once or twice, an insignificant amount. There are one or two stars that repeat multiple times but when plotting on a HR diagram (next plot) it is clear that these stars fall in parts of the HR diagram that will be removed later in the process (i.e. sub-giants). 

P_repeats_hr.png
What it shows: This plot shows all of the stars that have been cut from TRILEGAL to the Mathur sample. The dotted green and red lines show the parameters of the cut (respectively). The colored stars show the stars in the sample that repeat, the colors represent the number of repeats for the star. 

Why it is useful: This plot shows that the repeats are not clustering and are in place that would be expected. i.e. sub-dwarfs to the bottom of the main sequence. 

P_repeats_hr_withbins.png
What it shows: Shows the same as the previous plot but with the green and red lines representing the in edges for the logg and teff respectively. 

Why it is useful: This plot demonstrates how the repeating stars can vary with bin size. 

P_shib_comparison_tests.png 
What it shows: The left hand plot shows a histogram of the temperatures in the shibayama sample overplotted with the teff histogram from our work. The right hand side shows the same two histograms in log(g)

Why it is useful: This plots lets us see how our cut from the Trilegal/Mathur sample to the Shibayama G stars is consistent with the Shibayama samples. The Shibayama histogram for log(g) extends further to the right on the x-axis than our sample because the Mathur sample is cut at this log(g) when also cutting by magnitude. 

P_shib_stars_on_fov.png
What it shows: The plot shows the distribution of Shibayama stars over the Kepler FOV. 

Why it is useful: This is a good reminder that the Shibayama stars we are considering are more of less a uniform distribution over the Kepler FOV. 

P_histograms_g_stars_to_shibayama.png
What it shows: This plot shows the teff and logg histogram comparisons between the G dwarfs from Mathur and the G dwarfs in our sample once it has been cut to Shibayama.

Why it is useful: Because we cut out TRILEGAL sample to the Mathur sample before cutting it to the Shibayama sample, the histograms for both these parameters should look similer, and provides a check for the G dwarf cut. 

P_g_stars_comparison_binaries.png
What it shows: This plot shows three overplotted histograms for the tef, logg and kepler magnitude. The dark green histogram is all of the G stars and the light green histogram is the plot of the G stars that have been chosen to be binaries. 

Why it is useful: Because the binaries are chosen from a binary fraction at random, these histograms should be similar and serve as a chedck for the cut. 

P_period_mass_ratio.png
What it shows: This plot shows two overplotted histograms of the period and mass ratio value. The dark brown histogram shows the generated distribution we drew from and the light brown histogram shows the chosen values from the distribution. 

Why it is useful: Because the period and mass ratio distributins are pulled from at random they should look similar. This is a good test of the random distribition. 

P_secondary_masses.png 
What it shows: The relation between the TRILEGAL determined primary mass and the secondary mass that has been calculated based on the primary mass and a randomly chosen mass ratio. 

Why it is useful: It allows us to see that the mass calculation worked the way we expected. 

P_trilegal_temp_mapping.png
What it shows: Each of these overplotted histograms shows a different parameter. From left: temperature, mass and composition. The brown plot shows the original TRILEGAL model that was mapped to and the purple plot shows the resulting parameters chosen from that mapping for the secondary star. 

Why it is useful: This allows us to make sure that the secondary parameters fall where we expect them too in these parameter spaces, and that they all fit within the boundaries of the TRILEGAL parameters (to check the mapping). 

P_trilegal_temp_mapping_2.png
What it shows: A scatter plot of the temperature and mass of the secondary stars. The colorbar refers to the difference between the original secondary mass and the mass it was allocated in the mapping. The larger the difference, the less close the star is to the star we inputted. 

Why it is useful: It allows us to see if any of the points are incorrect/anomalous. The colorbar allows us to assign any descrepancies to either a large mass difference or the mapping onto a star that may not be accurate (not a dwarf for example). 

P_m_dwarf_parameters.png
What it shows: At this point the sample has been cut by temperature to only include M dwarf secondaries. Each of these histograms shows a different parameter for these secondary stars: the effective temperature, secondary mass and Kepler magnitude. 

Why it is useful: This plot allows us to see that the parameters for the secondary stars fall where we would expect them (i.e. we don't have any M dwarfs that are 1M_sun). Also, it allows us to check where the temperature cut off occured to make sure it's correct. 

p_gm_dwarf_parameters.png 
What it shows: The sample has now been cut to remove all giants as primary stars leaving only G dwarf primaries and M dwarf secondaries. As above, each histogram represents a different parameter, and the purple histograms represent the M dwarf while the orange histograms represent the G dwarfs. 

Why it is useful: As above, this plot helps us see that all the parameters fall as we would expect. The M dwarfs and the G dwarfs were selected (in part for the G dwarfs) by temperature so we would expect the histograms to be separated by these limits and not overlapping. The same is true of the masses. The Kepler masses may overlap but we expect the G dwarfs to have a lower value of magnitude (brighter) than the M dwarfs. 

P_mags_and_dist.png 
What is shows: This plot is created after the calculation of the absolute magnitudes for both stars and the distance to the system (assuming physical association, or negligible distance). It shows the absolute magnitudes for primary and secondary star and the distance as a colormap. - NB: Colormap is in logscale.

Why it is useful: We would expect brighter primaries with fainter secondaries to be closer to us, otherwise they would not be apparent. This is what we see generally here. However, this is not a function of us selecting for those stars to be 'visible' but due to our choice of masses. I.e. the bigger the mass ratio and initial mass of the primary, the smaller the secondary mass will be when mapped to the TRILEGAL catalog. 

P_mags_and_flux.png
What it shows: The corrected apparent magnitude (corrected for extinction) of the primary and secondary star. 

Why is it useful: Similar to above. 

P_recreate_davenport.png
What it shows: This plot shows the reverse cumulative distribution of Davenport for a bunc of stars of different temperatures. The dashed and dotted lines represent values taken directly from the Daverport work at both edges of the age distribtion. 

Why is is useful: This plot shows that the Davenport distribution for all of our stars in this age range fit within the boundaries of the stars present in Davenport. 

P_davenport_histogram.png 
What it shows: The orange lines shows a reverse cumulative distrbution for a random star and the histogram shows the energies of flares on that star as they have been populated from the distribution. 

Why it is useful: This plot can be used to demonstrate whether the distribution is being pulled from correctly. 

P_hawley_durations.png
What it shows: This pink plots on this point show the data from the Hawley paper that relate the duration of flares and flare energies. The black line corresponds to our fit to that data. 

Why it is useful: The plot shows the fit we use to determine durations for our flares. It also shows whether or not the fit is correct and consistent with the Hawley data.

P_hawley_amplitudes.png
What it shows/Why is it useful: Same as above but with flare amplitudes. 

flare_plot_[star number].png
What it shows: NB - THIS PLOT IS AN EXAMPLE FOR ONE OF THE SYSTEMS. TL: This is the reverse cumulative distribution determined for this specific star. TR: A histogram of the flares pulled for this specific star, based on the distribution of a kepler quarter. BL: This is the histogram of the durations of each of flares as mapped from the flare energies from hawley. BR: This is a histogram of the flux ratio of flare to host star. 

Why it is useful: each of these plots provides a unique breakdown of the recovery of flares for each star. They can be looked at individually or as an ensample to determine whether the distributions and relations are being pulled correctly. 











